so to start this
nice pot the low to medium heat I want
to cook the curry for a long time that's
really how you get those nice flavors
and we'll just start off with a generous
amount of oil and we're going to get our
nice aromatic vegetables in first so to
start off a nice diced onions also going
to go in with our nice ginger but
there's a lot of ginger in here I really
do think the ginger give it a great
flavor we're also going to add my garlic
at this stage basically just letting the
onions sweat down and then we can add or
nice indian flavors in there now I've
never been sweatin down and they've
really come nice and translucent it's
wonderful aroma coming off from that
ginger now it's time to add our meat now
this is a nice human beef the reason
we're using that is because we're going
to cook the curry over a couple of hours
nice and slowly there's no flavor in
there and then tenderized just like a
steward by the time of spinach cookin
turn the heat up ever so slightly we're
now working on a medium flame says we
can get some nice color onto that beef I
should take about three or four minutes
to brown up and once the patient's brain
will start to add in all those great
spices and flavorings so you can see
that that beats taking on some great
color note so the first thing that I'm
going to add in is my curry powder now
big mistake that a lot of people make
when they're making crave if they don't
cook the spices either enough they just
put them in they throw their liquid in
there and they expect to have a look
tasty curry these spices really need to
be drawn out and you do that at this
stage my cooking them quite intensely so
I've got the chin Rick in there Aiden
goes where cumin some gara masala
and just finish it off with some red
chilies know as many red chillies is
going i'm making this quite a spicy one
but if you don't like a spicy curry
algemeiner one you can always leave out
some of those chilies now this stage
we're going to continue certain it
because what can happen is those spices
if you don't stir them the meters start
to catch on the bottom and you get a
burn case going all the way through your
curry it's very important that we cook
them yes but it's also very important
that we keep moving around at this stage
those spices have really cooked to do
all the flavor ice and already
absolutely incredible now the next thing
that we're going to add is my flower
basically that I as a thickening agent
so once again as it cooks I'm just going
to keep it stirred and just cook that
flora not as long as the spices maybe
only about 30 seconds for the flower
because I really will catch very very ok
now if you look at the bottom of a pan
you can see that nothing has stuck there
a big mistake people make is they really
stick the reason hasn't started captive
movement all the time such flows so
nicely next thing we're going in is our
nice hitting our chopped tomatoes I'm
going to turn my heat right because we
finished scaring off the meat and we
just want the minimal heat because we're
really going to cook this very very
slowly so I know the tomatoes goes my
nice chicken and just mix that up
making sure all the flour is be evenly
distributed for a duck sauce next thing
I half are some nice fresh tomatoes I
was working with a guy from Nepal and he
actually taught me this trick basically
just scooping it the middle of the
tomato
maybe stage during this curry and
decides to look maybe a little bit too
thick you can always add a little bit
more chicken stock or even just some
plain water that's most important as
always put it down there on the really
low heat all the flavors are in there
with cook the spices I now all we have
to do is tenderize that meat and we're
going to let it simmer for about two
hours that curry has been similar way no
for an hour and 20 minutes I just filled
the whole place of incredible courage
smells everybody's coming in and asking
when it's ready so in going potatoes at
this stage we've only got like 40
minutes left of cooking and you can see
that has just come to a really nice
consistency if you're worried that it's
too thick little bit more stock a little
bit more water just been a little bit
and by the time that's finishes and by
40 minutes those potatoes will be nice
and soft about the tiniest little bite
the me to be lovely and tender and this
also be bursting full of flavor the only
thing we'll do then is a nice little bit
of coriander and then we'll be able to
serve it with some lovely rice